Add note about EE help wanted tickets (#2771)
mattermost/docs: source/process/community-guidelines.rst

- Contributors get a worthwhile benefit from their contributions, from the feature directly and/or from social recognition
- Community members should have a low barrier to contribute
- Community development workflow should be clear, efficient and effective

> - Avoide tickets that need changes in the enterprise repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Help Wanted issues should avoid changes to the Enterprise repository due to its limited access
```
